Enable TCP keep alive on socket level (#374)
crate/crate-python: docs/connect.rst

    >>> connection = client.connect(..., error_trace=True)

Backoff Factor
--------------

When attempting to make a request, the connection can be configured so that
retries are made in increasing time intervals. This can be configured like so::

    >>> connection = client.connect(..., backoff_factor=0.1)

If ``backoff_factor`` is set to 0.1, then the delay between retries will be 0.0,
0.1, 0.2, 0.4 etc. The maximum backoff factor cannot exceed 120 seconds and by
default its value is 0.

Socket Options
--------------

> Creating connections uses `urllib3 default socket options`_ but additionally
> add enable TCP keepalive by setting ``socket.SO_KEEPALIVE`` to ``1``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating connections uses `urllib3 default socket options`_ but additionally
enables TCP keepalive by setting ``socket.SO_KEEPALIVE`` to ``1``.
```
